how to lose arm fat get rid of flabby
arms in one week arm fat is one of the
most troublesome types of fat often
lingering even after you've slimmed down
it doesn't let you wear clothes that
reveal too much it can make you
self-conscious and that won't do it's
time to act in this video you'll find
the most effective but also simple
exercises that will help you tone your
arm muscles and eliminate that nasty
layer of fat that covers them naturally
this won't happen overnight but if you
stick to your training routine you'll
see amazing results pretty quickly but
before you change into your gym gear
subscribe to our Channel and turn on
notifications this way
you'll always be the first to find out
about daily updates on the bright side
of life crisscross exercise or scissors
exercise you ready okay
stand straight and lift your arms so
that they're positioned at shoulder
height your feet should be slightly
apart stretch your arms to the sides and
then move them in a crisscross pattern
imitating the movements of a pair of
scissors your right arm should overlap
your left one in front of you during
your next move your left arm should go
over your right one repeat this exercise
approximately 20 times don't lower your
arms even if they start to hurt rest for
10 to 15 seconds put your arms down you
can shake them a bit now do one more set
this exercise is not only effective but
also pretty exciting
due to its cardio effect in high speed
the scissors exercise is a perfect
warm-up it heats up your body and
increases your heart rate hands up hands
down exercise stand straight with your
feet slightly apart slowly lift your
hands up into the air and then bring
them down after some time start to
increase the speed
repeat these movements for about 30
seconds try to be as fast as possible
but don't get over enthusiastic you
don't want to injure yourself let your
arms rest for 10 seconds relax your
hands arms and shoulders are you ready
for one more set
then go
[Music]
this is a simple exercise that's fun to
do but at the same time it works your
whole arm it tones the muscles which
makes your arms look slimmer wall
push-ups exercise to perform this
exercise you'll need a wall but that
shouldn't be a problem right hey you can
always borrow your neighbors wall they
won't mind now stand straight facing the
wall now take two steps away from it
place your hands on the wall your arm
should be extended push your whole body
towards the wall and brace yourself with
the help of your arms stay in this
position for a short while after that
force your arm muscles to return your
body to the starting position
repeat this 20 times think about how
lucky you are that you don't have to do
a standard push-up exercise which is a
nightmare for any beginner this push-up
variation is much easier than a standard
one but it's still pretty effective now
move to the starting position facing the
wall and rest for 10 seconds are you
ready for another set do 20 more wall
push-ups
[Music]
this exercise gives a nice shape to your
arms and toned your back as well on top
of that the wall works as a kind of
resistance this increases your arm and
back strength more effectively arm
circles exercise if you want to make
your arm workout even more exciting
include the arm circles exercise stand
up straight
your feet should be slightly apart your
arms should be stretched out to the
sides and lifted the shoulder height
begin to do circular movements with your
arms first clockwise and then
counterclockwise repeat this motion
twenty times ten clockwise and ten
counterclockwise relax your arms shake
them a bit and let them rest for 10
seconds do one more set
if you feel like making this exercise
more difficult try bigger circular arm
movements you'll immediately feel more
pressure plank exercise this exercise
isn't a walk in the park or even know
walk on the plank
me Rd however you don't need to hold the
plank position for hours let's start
with something simple lie on the floor
if you have a yoga mat it's a good idea
to use it flex your elbows and prop up
the upper part of your body your lower
body should be supported by your toes
stay in this position for 15 seconds
remember that your back should be
perfectly straight great job now you can
lie down and relax for 10 seconds resume
the plank position and hold it for 15
seconds
this exercise has several benefits first
of all it strengthens your arms and
removes the useless layer of fat
covering them secondly a plank is also
really effective for your legs and the
whole core of your overhead bends
exercise stand straight with your feet
apart
you can either ball your hands into
fists or take a towel in your hands and
stretch it over your head bend to the
right with your arms outstretched over
your head return to the initial position
now bend to the left with your arms
still outstretched over your head repeat
this movement 20 times be careful not to
pull a muscle don't hurry you have
enough time rest in the standing
position for about 10 seconds do one
more set
this exercise has a double benefit not
only does it strengthen your shoulders
but it also tones your side muscles
chair dips exercise this exercise will
demand a chair that's not too high or
something similar that is two feet
higher than the floor take one step away
from your chair your back should be
turned toward it put your hands on the
edge of the seat keep your upper body
straight with your feet placed firmly on
the floor bend your knees lower your
body toward the floor but don't touch it
you need to stop several inches above
the floor raise your body back to the
initial position when moving up try to
use mostly your arms repeat this
movement 10 times this exercise will
effectively strengthen and tone not only
your arms but also your back it may seem
difficult at first but if you repeat it
often enough you'll soon feel that it's
getting easier to perform this
particular movement all the exercises
described here become most effective if
you do them twice a day up just one more
thing when you start getting rid of body
fat you will automatically make your
arms smaller thus the best course of
action is to exercise your body muscles
at least three times a week
for no less than an hour and a half make
sure you include the biceps toning
exercises you've learned about in your
training routine on top of that try to
add 90 to 180 minutes of intense aerobic
exercises to your weekly activity
surprisingly getting more sleep will
also speed up the slimming process and
don't forget about the importance of a
healthy diet the main principles of such
a diet are as follows instead of
indulging in high-calorie processed
foods that are full of fat and sugar add
more vegetables and fruits to your diet
say no to processed meats such as
sausage hotdogs ham corned beef and
canned meat overeating this type of meat
leads to obesity
cut down on the amount of sugar you
consume daily according to statistics
Americans have 22 teaspoons of sugar per
day the amount recommended by the
American Heart Association is six
teaspoons for women and nine for men you
should remember that sodas energy drinks
fruit juices cookies cakes and ice cream
contain loads of sugar as well drink as
much water as you can preferably no
fewer than eight cups a day water helps
you to eat less and speeds up your
metabolic rate eat less salt to do so
you should also avoid processed and
packaged foods the products that contain
the largest amount of salt our chips
crackers canned beans and soups cheese
pickles frozen dinners processed meat
and fish sausages and salad dressings
ketchup in mayonnaise and fast food did
I leave anything out so do you know any
other exercises that effectively remove
arm fat tell us about them in the
comments below and if you want to have a
slim body with toned arms hit the like
button stay healthy and beautiful on the
bright side of life